hey guys it's Jeff Moore I'm back here
with a new instructional video for you
today we're gonna be looking at the
Kansas classic carry on my wayward son
and the organ solo that takes place in
it it's only four bars long but it
involves I've estimated about forty
billion individual notes so we'll dive
in and start taking a look at it alright
so the first two measures here involve
an E minor seven chord and then an a7
chord I've just thrown around in a
couple of different ways and a few
different inversions so it goes like
this
so the next two bars are split into two
sections the section that goes up and
down the e blues scale and then a
section that rolls back and forth on an
E sus for chords so the e blues scale
part looks like this and then the final
section just rolls up and down in
sextuplets an e sus four chord e SEZ
four chord looks like this and we're
just gonna roll up and down with the
octave on top so when you put those two
bars together sounds like this so here's
what it looks like if I play the entire
four bar solo slow
all right so that about wraps it up
again I'm Jeff Moore I hope you enjoyed
the video and thanks for stopping by